feat: AdjustedBorrow and InterestScalar (#483)
umee-network/umee: x/leverage/spec/06_events.md

* Amount successfully liquidated may be lower than the amount requested in the message if the original amount exceeds full repayment, exceeds the value of desired collateral rewards, or is otherwise restricted by `CloseFactor`.

## Keeper Events

In addition to handlers events, the leverage keeper will produce events from the following functions which may occur during `EndBlock`.

### AccrueAllInterest

| Type             | Attribute Key  | Attribute Value        |
| ---------------- | -------------- | ---------------------- |
| interest_accrual | block_height   | {ctx.BlockHeight}      |
| interest_accrual | unix_time      | {ctx.BlockTime.Unix()} |
| interest_accrual | total_interest | {totalInterest}        |
| interest_accrual | reserved       | {newReserves}          |

> Interest epochs emit an event with their current block height and time, as well as total interest accrued across all borrows and the amount of each token added to reserves. Occurs every block.

Author: ```suggestion
Interest accrual emits an event with the current block height and time, as well as total interest accrued across all borrows and the amount of each token added to reserves. Occurs every block.
```
